let's go shoot some stuff yeah i'm in
the mood to shoot this that didn't work
down grip I'd never used the poison ammo
as far as I'm aware oh look look what
happened yeah get this stuff and then
leave
dude is it to do I don't know what I
want music was there we go now oh yes
we're going to use this gem we're going
to use it to open a gate and then do
some stuff yeah I love doing stuff
where's this lead us again remember oh
yes I don't trust the same things so do
this then ever trust those open vents
nope no tin men Horseman's jam we have a
chain to pull
yeah it's open it's down there can't get
down there and they're so so what we
have learnt is that we want to go down
into that Paul hmm how do we get into
Paul we go this way I will demonstrate
for you and up the stair all right you
want to come down come back down I was
hoping to grab the edge but fine
whatever as we've got our worm going
here doudoune the London Eye
but good dodging chains open this
trapdoor bug trap door you know get the
reference fine don't get the reference
and there is indeed something down there
this time around it's two stars
here's the crow ball on these two styles
and we get to mow and we can go use them
in the planetary ray I thank you
right hi but do you just get stuck ah Oh
honestly don't get the stamps and when
my staff stop playing up I i tend to
shoot them why does that not surprise me
and if you don't know now again still me
you will never break the chain I know I
can't sing but who cares right oh no no
no no this is cruelty to animals of
which I am one there we go puppet easy
but oh no we got I forgot about this but
action oh the innocent days I don't do
that no not the crossbow pistol
you can stop singing the chain gonna
concentrate go to be very very Catalan
xanax no I hate you so this is where we
going to go a little bit up but she get
on back there's any one corner you want
long as its back wait what okay director
thing here anyway oh it's a big medical
and lovely that's exactly what we need
at this point right we have thing to
grapple over cool I'm cool I'm checking
that i'm not going to jump into a jar
okay the only thing which has a jar is
that one as long as that's in my sight I
won't hit the jar and go falling to my
doom array we're not out of the woods
yet
small med kit like how they're being
very generous with the med kit to this
bit must be the worst puzzle in the game
anyway okay jump Rachel safely wrapped
around the pole okay we're gonna be
careful cuz there's walls here yeah okay
so we want to input this corner here I'm
gonna put me in danger Eustace jump the
dough's in there guys it's all good
we're we're alive ah anyway I can't sing
I'm aware of this match so anyone who
points said to me we'll we'll get we'll
get a things thrown at them so yes